[Music]
play your back already - that's great
you L that's a weird way to thank
me for saving your life buddy but you're
welcome
shooting me with lots of kindness
nobody's dude what's wrong with you -
gotta stop shooting Alex that was my bad
California Highway Patrol that's why I
opened that armored car job I think some
of their own were involved I want you to
go on the inside going to cover within
it the partner that's awesome you're
going to be with a rookie named John
Baker you're going to be francis
llewellyn poncherello up name are
the first two female names John none of
these scores meet even the lowest
standards you had 23 surgeries I feel
pretty darn good I'm on a pharmaceutical
regimen that helps a lot behind that you
can my I'll give you that
yes ma'am like a I like you
thank you you're late sighs thank you
what's up I'm John poncherello awesome
man we're partners
pretty badass you suited up for battle
looking like DPS drivers
yeah that's super for this job just
people for saving my marriage what are
you wearing my uniform so I thought you
probably wanna see what I look like in
all Brown great gun it's like you're
three beers too intimate almost tough
motorcycle I got no emotion this
you go find a 5:30 comedy hey Mike
they'll never catch though
yeah great yeah when I've got some
things on the ball nobody got sick are
you guys talking I mean think you
said they like the bikes II was pointing
about my dick I feel like I heard poppy
no I think it's small instead you look
so Boston you make the bike so tiny
oh I hope that you're not preying on
girls with low self-esteem like by their
hair like hell shake their teeth or yeah
we're gonna be shallows
real talk she paid my she ate your
ass everyone's eating everyone's ass now
what about hygiene if you go to the
bathroom when you shoot a baby wipes
green light 24 hours
solve the case for you five there's no
attract this guy
why don't you can of space we don't have
a bat computer right Google
he's been carrying me over that bath
I'll drag you there but I'm not gonna
cradle you like a noob life saved your
life I knew you were going to bring that
out just get it over with
these faceplant into my pubic mom's no
no that could have swore I felt you know
your nose or your lips might been like a
little bit of contact
you get intimate with you gal is oral
expected like a name has with the bus
oh yeah Santa but at standard and while
things have changed
[Music]